This is a broken stick.
What's so amazing
Damn god, you see clearly
This is the imperial staff that the country master personally gave to my Zhao family
Owing a dead debt is like seeing a king
The Zhao family actually has the emperor's staff personally
We're in big trouble.
Why don't you kneel down with me?
See king
You have to kneel
My Zhao family has power
Guanjue Daxia Shun is the one who shines
Those who oppose us will die
I'll see who dares to oppose me
My Sun family is also willing to cut off the road of committing crimes
My Chen family is also willing to cut off the holy path of the Fan family
Hahahahaha
This is what happens when you go against my Zhao family
Although this scepter is a gift from the king
But things are dead and alive
You also have to see who is using it
Why do you have to listen to him?
This is my Zhao family as Daxia
The strength of the first family
Don't think you're flattering the Fan family
You can get ahead
Don't you kneel in front of me now?